Referências

Sampling for Internet surveys. An examination of respondent selection for Internet research
Bradley, Nigel. Market Research Society. Journal of the Market Research Society; London41.4 (Oct 1999): 387. 


xxx 

Forced Exposure and Psychological Reactance: Antecedents and Consequences of the Perceived Intrusiveness of Pop-Up Ads
Steven M. Edwards, Hairong Li, and Joo-Hyun Lee
Journal of Advertising Vol. 31 , Iss. 3,2002

xxxx

The Interactive Advertising Model
How Users Perceive and Process Online Ads
Shelly Rodgers & Esther Thorson
Pages 41-60 | Vol. 1 , Iss. 1,2000 

The authors provide an integrative processing model of Internet advertising, which incorporates the functional and structural schools of thought. The model begins with the functional perspective, which attempts to identify reasons for Internet use. Since most individuals enter cyberspace with some goal, or agenda, in mind, the authors argue that a model of online processing should begin with consideration of Internet functions. These functions, according to the authors, operate conjointly with the user’s mode--ranging from highly goal-directed to playful--to influence the types of ads web users will attend to and process. A number of mediating variables, such as skill level, are offered as reasons to switch motives. These variables are conceptualized as having either a deleterious effect, as in the case of low skill and high anxiety, or beneficial effect, as in the case of high skill and low anxiety, on ad processing. Last, the authors incorporate a structural perspective, which seeks to identify and classify Internet ads. The authors offer a broad scheme in which to classify most Internet ads, as well as a number of common features unique to these ads. The authors conclude by offering a number of hypotheses suggested by the model.


xxxx



Interactive Advertising and Presence
Matthew Lombard and Jennifer Snyder-Duch
Journal of Interactive Advertising Vol. 1 , Iss. 2,2001, p. 56-62


xxxx

Measuring the Effects and Effectiveness of Interactive Advertising
Paul A. Pavlou and David W. Stewart
Journal of Interactive Advertising Vol. 1 , Iss. 1,2000. p. 61-77
  
xxxx

Online Advertising Research in Advertising Journals: A Review
Louisa Ha Ph.D.
Journal of Current Issues & Research in Advertising Vol. 30 , Iss. 1,2008, p. 31-48

Along with the rapid increase in the number of Internet users around the world, the World Wide Web has become the fastest growing advertising medium in this decade. The Interactive Advertising Bureau (2007) reported US online advertising revenue's growth from 1998's US$1.8 billion to $20 billion in 2007. The 10 fold increase not only signifies the importance of online advertising to the advertising and media industry, but also the rapid advancement of technology in online advertising delivery and display formats that requires researchers to help the media and advertisers to capitalize on the new medium and the society in understanding the increasing impact of the medium.




xxxxxx

WHY DO PEOPLE AVOID ADVERTISING ON THE INTERNET?
Chang-Hoan Cho and University of Texas at Austin) is an as-
Journal of Advertising Vol. 33 , Iss. 4,2004, p. 89-97


This study was designed to provide insights into why people avoid advertising on the Internet. Recent negative trends in Internet advertising, such as "banner blindness" and extremely low click-through rates, make it imperative to study various factors affecting Internet ad avoidance. Accordingly, this study builds a comprehensive theoretical model explaining advertising avoidance on the Internet. We examined three latent variables of Internet ad avoidance: perceived goal impediment, perceived ad clutter, and prior negative experience. We found that these constructs successfully explain why people cognitively, affectively, and behaviorally avoid advertising messages on the Internet. Perceived goal impediment is found to be the most significant antecedent explaining advertising avoidance on the Internet.


xxxxxxx

Establishing a Paradigm: A Systematic Analysis of Research in the Journal of Interactive Advertising
Terry Daugherty, Vanja Djuric, Hairong Li, and John Leckenby
Journal of Interactive Advertising Vol. 0 , Iss. ja,0
ARTIGO NO PRELO EM VERSAO INTERMEDIARIA - VER MESMO ASSIM

XXXX

A Grounded Theory of Online Shopping Flow
Rolf Mahnke, Alexander Benlian, and Thomas Hess
International Journal of Electronic Commerce Vol. 19 , Iss. 3,2015, p. 54-89

With the increasing number of websites that have found their way into our daily lives, substantial resources are invested in enhancing user experience beyond mere functionality. Optimizing flow—the psychological state of deep focus while conducting a fluent activity—seems a promising approach, resulting in a win–win situation for both users and website operators. Flow has been found to result in “optimal” user experience leading to intrinsically motivated behavior, engagement, and loyalty. However, to date, there is little concrete knowledge of or advice on how to design a website for flow. This study develops a grounded theory of flow experiences in the context of online shopping, and sheds light on the theoretical relationships between concrete realizable website design options, corresponding latent constructs, and flow experience. Based on our findings we derive theoretical as well as practical implications for understanding and designing flow experience on the web.

xxxxx

Enhancing Targeted Advertising with Social Context Endorsement
Yung-Ming Li, Lienfa Lin, and Shih-Wen Chiu
International Journal of Electronic Commerce Vol. 19 , Iss. 1,2014, p. 99-128.



The success of online advertising depends on the degree of customer acceptance and corresponding click-through rate (CTR). The coverage of traditional online advertising is wide, but the CTR of display advertisements delivered by firms is relatively lower. Whereas targeted advertising can deliver appropriate advertisements to customers based on their traits (disturbance avoidance), advertisements can leverage the power of social influence to improve the degree of acceptance of advertisements. In this paper, by utilizing the power of social influence and context embellishment, we propose a personalized social context endorsement mechanism to enhance the effectiveness of advertisements. According to the results of an experiment conducted on Facebook, the proposed mechanism outperforms other benchmark approaches to improving the CTR and user impressions. This research effectively incorporates the theories of preference similarity, social influence, and moral sentiments and provides advertising sponsors and social media providers with a powerful system to conduct successful advertising campaigns.


xxxxx

Optimal Product-Sampling Strategies in Social Networks: How Many and Whom to Target?
Christian Schlereth, Christian Barrot, Bernd Skiera, and Carsten Takac
International Journal of Electronic Commerce Vol. 18 , Iss. 1,2013, p. 45-72



Using an agent-based model to study the success of product-sampling campaigns that rely on information about social networks, this paper investigates the essential decisions of which consumers and how many of them to target with free product samples. With an unweighted and a weighted real-world personal communication network, we show that the decision of which consumers to target is more important than that of how many consumers to target. Use of social network information increases profits by at least 32 percent. Companies should use a high-degree targeting heuristic to identify the most influential consumers. Use of social network information increases profit for single-purchase products mainly because it supports targeting more influential consumers and therefore speeds up diffusion throughout the network. For repeat-purchase products, social network information decreases the optimal number of samples and thus the cost of the campaign.


xxxx

Attention to Banner Ads and Their Effectiveness: An Eye-Tracking Approach
JooWon Lee and Jae-Hyeon Ahn
International Journal of Electronic Commerce Vol. 17 , Iss. 1,2012, p. 119-137



As with all forms of advertising, exposure is a necessary prerequisite for Internet banner ad effectiveness. However, exposure does not guarantee a user's attention, an issue especially relevant to the Internet, where ad avoidance occurs most frequently. And if an ad is noticed, the message may or may not remain in the consumer's memory after cognitive processing. However, even if the advertising message is not consciously remembered, the exposure can be unconsciously processed and subsequently change the user's affective state. To investigate how attention levels influence users, this study uses eye tracking to measure the level of attention that results from an advertisement exposure and explores how different levels of attention influence users in conscious and unconscious ways. Also, we examine the effect of animation—one of the most popular attention-grabbing tools—on attention and how it moderates cognitive processing.

By measuring and analyzing users' actual eye-movement data, we found that animation in banner ads not only attracts less attention than static ads but also reduces the positive effect of attention on memory. In addition, although more than half of the participants could not recognize the advertised brand, the animated banner ad was unconsciously processed and did influence attitudes toward the brand. The results suggest that animation in banner ads does not necessarily increase user attention, but that even if a user does not consciously notice a banner ad, the user's attitude toward the brand is influenced.
Keywords: Animation, attention, banner ads, eye tracking, Internet advertising effectiveness

OU SEJA: FUNCIONA COMO PROPAGANDA DE REFORÇO. 

XXXXXXXX


The Impact of Advertising Location and User Task on the Emergence of Banner Ad Blindness: An Eye-Tracking Study
Marc Resnick and William Albert
International Journal of Human–Computer Interaction Vol. 30 , Iss. 3,2014, p. 209-219


The purpose of this study is to explore the emergence of ad banner blindness in the viewing of e-commerce home pages. Building on the literature on inattention blindness and banner blindness, this article assessed the gaze path of users in goal-directed and free-viewing tasks when viewing pages with advertising banners on the right side of the page and on the top of the page above the main navigation menu. The hypotheses are tested using an analysis of variance. Using an eye-tracking methodology, the results identify significant differences in visual attention for banner ad location and for task type. Banner blindness is strongest for advertising banners on the right side of the page and for goal-directed tasks. Neither participants’ ratings of page visual appeal or of page familiarity could explain the findings. The study contributes to the existing literature by resolving some of the cognitive factors that lead to banner blindness and supplementing previous research that focused on relevant perceptual factors.


xxxxx


Internet advertising effectiveness
Helen Robinson, Anna Wysocka, and Chris Hand
International Journal of Advertising Vol. 26 , Iss. 4,2007, , p. 527-541

Online advertising has experienced phenomenal growth since its inception in 1994. This empirical study investigates the impact of seven creative characteristics of banner ads on the effectiveness of online advertising using a multiple regression model. A random sample of 209 banner ads was drawn from a sampling frame of advertisers, provided by an advertising agency specialising in internet advertising for the gaming industry. The findings of this study are broadly consistent with past research into online advertising efficiency, indicating that the creative characteristics of effective banner ads in the online gaming arena include: a larger size, absence of promotional incentives and the presence of information about casino games. In contrast, banner features such as animation, action phrase and presence of company brand or logo were ineffective in generating clickthroughs. Contrary to expectations, long messages on banners were associated with higher click-through rates.


xxxxxx

How banner ads can be effective
Kai-Yu Wang, Eric Shih, and Laura A. Peracchio
International Journal of Advertising Vol. 32 , Iss. 1,2013, p. 121-141.

This research examines the impacts of exposure duration and banner ad complexity on advertising persuasion in a web advertising environment. Processing fluency is used to explain the underlying process that occurs among consumers during exposure to advertisements, and refers to the ease of stimulus encoding and processing that is facilitated by prior exposure to a banner ad. Based on previous studies (e.g. Reber et al. 1998), this research used a priming phase and a testing phase, in which respondents viewed two banner ads for the same brand. A banner ad presented in the priming phase facilitates viewer processing of a target banner ad in the testing phase due to processing fluency. The findings show that, when a banner ad is difficult to process in the priming phase, increasing the duration of exposure to the ad in the priming phase causes a linear increase in respondent attitudes towards the target ad and brand in the testing phase. When the priming banner ad is moderately difficult to process, increasing the exposure duration in the priming phase first increases, and then decreases, respondent attitudes towards the target ad and brand (an inverted-U pattern) in the testing phase. When the priming banner ad is easy to process, increasing the exposure duration in the priming phase first decreases, and then increases, respondent attitudes towards the target ad and brand (a U pattern) in the testing phase.


xxxx


Are contextual advertisements effective?
Kwang Yeun Chun, Ji Hee Song, Candice R. Hollenbeck, and Jong-Ho Lee
International Journal of Advertising Vol. 33 , Iss. 2,2014, p. 351-371.

The internet environment has changed the format of internet advertising. One emerging form of online marketing communication is ‘contextual advertising’, in which marketers strive to develop customised images or texts more relevant to customers based on the content of web pages. This study investigates the effectiveness of internet contextual ads. In particular, we examine the effect of internet contextual ads on brand memory (i.e. recall and recognition) and attitudes towards the advertisement and/or brand using the theory of priming effect. We find that the complexity of banner ads moderates the relationship between a contextual advertisement and its effectiveness, and generates two distinct priming effects (i.e. assimilation and contrast effects). The results demonstrate that the internet contextual advertisement enhances brand recognition and induces favourable attitudes towards the ad. In addition, consumers have higher recall rates and attitudes towards the brand when they are exposed to a less complex contextual advertisement or when they are exposed to a complex, non-contextual advertisement.


xxxxxx


Programme–ad congruence
Susan D. Myers, Marla B. Royne, and George Deitz
International Journal of Advertising Vol. 33 , Iss. 1,2014, p. 61-90.

This investigation builds on previous research streams to introduce a new concept – programme–ad congruence – into advertising research. Programme–ad congruence is defined as the integration of the entertainment into the advertisement. This research identifies three specific types of congruence (actor congruence – matching the people; plot congruence – matching the situations; and language congruence – matching the verbal elements) and uses experimental design to test viewer response in three separate studies. Results indicate an overall effect of programme–ad congruence and demonstrate that each type of programme–ad congruence has a significant effect on consumer response. Moreover, involvement was found to mediate the effect of congruence, indicating it may play a significant role in the process by increasing the personal relevance of the advertisement. Implications are provided.

xxxxxx

Online advertising and congruency effects
Wim Janssens, Patrick De Pelsmacker, and Maggie Geuens
International Journal of Advertising Vol. 31 , Iss. 3,2012, p. 579-604


Three studies investigate the moderating role of divided attention in the relationship between thematic (in)congruency between a web page and a web ad, and evaluations of and click intention towards the embedded web ad. The first study establishes the traditional priming effect in sequential web page – web ad exposure. Study two manipulates viewers’ opportunity to divide their attention when simultaneously exposed to a web page and a web ad, and Study three measures divided attention by means of gaze jumps in a simultaneous exposure situation. In the case of simultaneous exposure to a web page and a web ad, a congruency effect occurs when there is little opportunity to divide the attention between the web page and the ad, and when there are few gaze jumps between the web page and the web ad. In these cases, web ads that are thematically congruent with the web page result in more positive responses. This effect reverses when there is more opportunity to divide the attention between the web page and the web ad, and when the number of gaze jumps is high: web ads incongruent with the web page lead to more positive responses. Undivided attention benefits web ads that are congruent with the web page in which they are embedded, but divided attention benefits those that are incongruent with the web page.

ATENCAO PARA A ULTIMA FRASE ACIMA.


XXXXXXX

A typology of consumer strategies for resisting advertising, and a review of mechanisms for countering them
Marieke L. Fransen, Peeter W.J. Verlegh, Amna Kirmani, and Edith G. Smit
International Journal of Advertising Vol. 34 , Iss. 1,2015, p. 6-16.

This article presents a typology of the different ways in which consumers resist advertising, and the tactics that can be used to counter or avoid such resistance. It brings together literatures from different fields of study, including advertising, marketing, communication science and psychology. Although researchers in these subfields have shown a substantial interest in (consumer) resistance, these streams of literature are poorly connected. This article aims to facilitate the exchange of knowledge, and serve as a starting point for future research. Our ACE typology distinguishes three types of resistance strategies: Avoiding, Contesting, and Empowering. We introduce these strategies, and present research describing advertising tactics that may be used to neutralize each of them.

xxxxx

Effects of online advertising format and persuasion knowledge on audience reactions
Karolina Tutaj and Eva A. van Reijmersdal
Journal of Marketing Communications Vol. 18 , Iss. 1,2012, p. 5-18.


In an experiment (N = 99), effects of subtle and prominent online advertising formats, respectively sponsored content and banner ads, on audience reactions toward the advertisement are tested. In addition, the role of several persuasion knowledge elements such as understanding of persuasive intent and ad skepticism in processing online advertising formats is investigated. Results show that participants find the sponsored content more informative, more amusing, and less irritating than the banner ad. With respect to persuasion knowledge, recognition of the advertising format, understanding of persuasive intent, and ad skepticism are higher for banner ads than for sponsored content. Furthermore, ad skepticism seems to be strongly related to perceived advertising value. These new findings show that persuasion knowledge plays a role in the appreciation of subtle and prominent online advertising formats.


xxxxxxxxx

New advertising formats: How persuasion knowledge affects consumer responses
Patrick de Pelsmacker and Peter C. Neijens
Journal of Marketing Communications Vol. 18 , Iss. 1,2012, p. 1-4.


pegar resumo aqui: http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/13527266.2011.620762?src=recsys

xxxxxx


Pediatrics
February 2007, VOLUME 119 / ISSUE 2
Unwanted and Wanted Exposure to Online Pornography in a National Sample of Youth Internet Users
Janis Wolak, Kimberly Mitchell, David Finkelhor

Forty-two percent of youth Internet users had been exposed to online pornography in the past year. Of those, 66% reported only unwanted exposure. Multinomial logistic regression analysis was used to compare youth with unwanted exposure only or any wanted exposure with those with no exposure. Unwanted exposure was related to only 1 Internet activity, namely, using file-sharing programs to download images. Filtering and blocking software reduced the risk of unwanted exposure, as did attending an Internet safety presentation by law enforcement personnel. Unwanted exposure rates were higher for teens, youth who reported being harassed or sexually solicited online or interpersonally victimized offline, and youth who scored in the borderline or clinically significant range on the Child Behavior Checklist subscale for depression. Wanted exposure rates were higher for teens, boys, and youth who used file-sharing programs to download images, talked online to unknown persons about sex, used the Internet at friends’ homes, or scored in the borderline or clinically significant range on the Child Behavior Checklist subscale for rule-breaking. Depression also could be a risk factor for some youth. Youth who used filtering and blocking software had lower odds of wanted exposure.

CONCLUSIONS. More research concerning the potential impact of Internet pornography on youth is warranted, given the high rate of exposure, the fact that much exposure is unwanted, and the fact that youth with certain vulnerabilities, such as depression, interpersonal victimization, and delinquent tendencies, have more exposure.

xxxxx

Can criminals create opportunities for crime? Malvertising and illegal online medicine trade
Yuliya G. Zabyelina
Global Crime Vol. 18 , Iss. 1,2017, p. 31-48.

usar para falar de medicamentos ilegais.

Opportunity theories suggest that the occurrence of an offence depends on the presence of a motivated offender and a specific condition in the environment that presents an opportunity for crime. While offenders may be able to choose among crime opportunities, the question is whether they can create new crime opportunities. Based on a qualitative analysis of court cases, investigative reports and the news media, this article examines the genesis of crime opportunities by looking into the malicious online advertising (malvertising) of substandard, spurious, falsely labelled, falsified and counterfeit (SSFFC) medical products. While further research on this topic is needed, the findings of the article help to understand the importance of unsavoury advertising as a tool that perpetrators use to manipulate consumer demand and proactively create (or expand) criminal markets.

xxxxxx

Personalization, Perceived Intrusiveness, Irritation, and Avoidance in Digital Advertising
M Morimoto -in Rodgers, Shelly. e Thorson, Esther. Digital Advertising: Theory and Research, Routledge, 2017

está nos meus livros do google. ver outros capitulos


xxxxx


Digital archives and the history of pornography
Sarah Bull
Porn Studies Vol. 1 , Iss. 4,2014, p. 402-405.

pegar em http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/23268743.2014.947753
FALA SOBRE DISPONIBILIDADE DE MATERIAL E DIFICULDADES PARA PESQUISAR O ASSUNTO.


xxxxx

Humanities and social scientific research methods in porn studies
Alan McKee
Porn Studies Vol. 1 , Iss. 1-2,2014, p. 53-63.

Porn studies researchers in the humanities have tended to use different research methods from those in social sciences. There has been surprisingly little conversation between the groups about methodology. This article presents a basic introduction to textual analysis and statistical analysis, aiming to provide for all porn studies researchers a familiarity with these two quite distinct traditions of data analysis. Comparing these two approaches, the article suggests that social science approaches are often strongly reliable – but can sacrifice validity to this end. Textual analysis is much less reliable, but has the capacity to be strongly valid. Statistical methods tend to produce a picture of human beings as groups, in terms of what they have in common, whereas humanities approaches often seek out uniqueness. Social science approaches have asked a more limited range of questions than have the humanities. The article ends with a call to mix up the kinds of research methods that are applied to various objects of study.


xxxxxx


Positionality and pornography
Nathaniel Burke
Porn Studies Vol. 1 , Iss. 1-2,2014, p. 71-74.

As pornography continues to open up as a valued field of academic inquiry, consideration should be given to the researchers’ position, both within the field and within the academy, and how these two positions influence knowledge production. The study of pornography, as a stigmatized subject, has an impact on who can write about it, what they can write, and where that writing is published. How this impacts what we know about pornography, how we can overcome these barriers, and larger questions about positionality in the academy and the field are discussed.

xxxx


    Labouring porn studies
    Heather Berg
    Porn Studies Vol. 1 , Iss. 1-2,2014, p. 75-79.


This essay explores the political economy of both doing and studying pornography. The article suggests that a critical labour studies lens can enrich porn scholarship, but also that porn work can tell us volumes about the nature of labour under late capitalism. Resisting the suggestion popular among anti-porn feminists that anti-capitalist and anti-pornography critique are mutually constitutive, I suggest that a political economic analysis of porn based in Marxist principles requires that we take porn seriously as work, recognize that workers both know their own conditions and are best equipped to address them, and attend to the laboured dynamics of the interview process itself.


xxxxx




    Rethinking the effects paradigm in porn studies
    Brian McNair
    Porn Studies Vol. 1 , Iss. 1-2,2014, p. 161-171.


It has been an assumption of most anti-pornography discourse that porn damages women (and children) in a variety of ways. In Porno? Chic!, the author interrogated this assumption by examining the correlation between the incidence of sexual violence and other indicators of misogyny, and the availability and accessibility of pornography within a number of societies. This article develops that work with a specific focus on the regulatory environment as it relates to pornography and sexual representation. Does a liberal regulatory regime in sexual culture correlate with a relatively advanced state of sexual politics in a given country? Conversely, does an illiberal regime, where pornography and other forms of sexual culture are banned or severely restricted, correlate with relatively strong patriarchal structures? A comparative cross-country analysis seeks to explain the correlations identified, and to assess the extent to which the availability of porn can be viewed as a causal or a consequential characteristic of those societies where feminism has achieved significant advances.

xxxx


Grebowicz, Margret. Why internet porn matters. Palo Alto, Stanford University Press, 2013.


"The internet fundamentally changes the social meaning of pornography by embedding it squarely in the epistemological shift from knowledge to information, and the politica shift to information becoming democratically accessible to everyone. These shifts [...] effect a non-innocent, particular understanding of the sexual subject in relationship to the democratic state and to speech which, I argue, constrains the possibilities for sexual speech."

ilusta os meios políticos que pornografia na internet não somente afeta comunidades on line em sentido amplo, mas em termos locais e individuais.



xxxxx

Anti/pro/critical porn studies
Clarissa Smith and Feona Attwood
Porn Studies Vol. 1 , Iss. 1-2,2014, p. 7-23.


In this introductory article we explore contemporary debates about the ‘critical’ study of pornography in relation to ‘anti-porn’, ‘pro-porn’, ‘sex-positive’ and ‘sex-critical’ approaches, and the recent reframing of pornography and sex more generally in relation to postfeminism and neoliberalism. The article reviews emerging work in porn studies, discusses the importance of developing a critical examination of the porn industries, and introduces the contributions that comprise this first issue. We end with some thoughts on nomenclature.

xxxxxx


Porn Studies: an introduction
Feona Attwood and Clarissa Smith
Porn Studies Vol. 1 , Iss. 1-2,2014, p. 1-6.

"Recent years have seen a resurgence of public discussions about a series of porn-related topics, perharps most notably the expansions of pornography acrosse the internet, its putative links to rape and sexual violence, and erotic lfe-styling or the oft-cited sexualization of culture, sometimes spilling into moral, legal or administrative action.. Pornografia tornou-se objeto crescente de pesquisa acadêmica desde os anos 1960, quando a pesquisa concentrava-se entre historiadores e estudiosos de arte e literatura. A partir dos anos 1980 a crítica cinematográfica acercou-se do tema (williams, linda. hard core: power, pleasure and the 'frenzy of the visible', 1989. Berkeley & Los Angeles: University of California Press). As pesquisas caminharam, a partir dos anos 1990, para priorizar temas como a história da pornografia, a anãlise de sua produção e consumo, sua estética, sua importância para públicos específicos e seu lugar na cultura contemporÂnea.

O interesse dos pesquisadores também se viu ampliado a partir de mudanças tecnológicas. A internet possibilitou um crescente acesso e abriu um grande mercado para a pornografia, mas também a produção amadora de pornografia cresceu. Diversos nichos de mercado foram estabelecidos, incluindo alguns ilegais ou produzidos de maneira legal representações de produtos ilegais. 

Scholarly interest in pornography has also been driven by technological changes. The increasing accessibility provided by various media technologies has opened up the market for pornography, and as a consequence amateur porn has proliferated, alongside a growing range of independent and alternative productions, while pornographies of all kinds have become accessible to a wider range of audiences. Mediated forms of sex have become more commonplace and commercial sex products, services and representations have become steadily more visible. Porn is becoming an important part of increasing numbers of people's lives, although what that means to them is something we still know very little about. The ways that porn is produced and distributed have undergone rapid, radical and incremental change, but much of the popular discussion about those changes is still based on guesswork.

Academic work has begun to chart these developments and the field has taken on a new urgency and significance given the continued position of pornography at the centre of controversies around media, gender, sexuality and technology. Pornographies, their spread, their imageries, their imaginaries and their consumption always have a high profile, but in the past decade or so interest in pornography has grown exponentially – with a concomitant increase in claims about porn's effects, both positive and negative.

These developments also raise important new questions, potentially opening up the study of pornography to a broader consideration of the ways in which sex, technology and the self are represented and experienced in contemporary societies. Furthermore, to pursue the study of pornography in a meaningful way requires the close and contextualized study of different facets and aspects of specific pornographies. In this way, it becomes possible to understand a variety of porn practices in their particularity.

This journal has been more than two years in its planning, followed by the exciting, though time-intense and anxiety-making, work of bringing together the content for a launch issue. Porn Studies has been a labour of love. Our interests in bringing the journal to fruition were born out of our personal and professional fascinations with the ways in which pornography matters and is discussed. Clearly pornography is a significant topic across a whole range of academic, public and policy domains, and yet the spaces in which it is discussed and debated are not always conducive to the sharing of research and the development of meaningful dialogue. Just as there are specialist journals, conferences, book series and collections enabling consideration of other areas of media and cultural production, so pornography needs a dedicated space for research and debate.

Researching pornography can be particularly complicated and challenging. Newspaper articles examine the proliferations of sexually explicit materials as evidence of changing mores, of other peoples’ weaknesses and excesses; pornography as an industry is characterized as a ‘big business’ whose sheer size means it ought to be condemned. It (and pornography is almost always characterized as singular) is portrayed as an industry that succeeds by pandering to ever-more extreme interests and one that pulls everything, even the most innocent of people, into its orbit so that anything which hints at sexuality – dress, topographies of body hair, musical tastes, dancing, and so on – is marked by and marks ‘pornography's influence’. With such ‘overhead noise’ about pornography, uncovering the histories and contemporary forms of sexually explicit representation, their production and consumption, their circulation and distribution, their importance and insignificances can be daunting.

Yet it is too easy to focus on the problems of researching pornography, and we also ought to be able to celebrate successes. Research on pornography has found a home in journals and a presence at seminars and conferences across various disciplines. However, as important as these have been, they have not provided the dedicated space that allows for the development of a research tradition and for discussions about the kinds of approaches and methods which will produce good research. We need a dedicated space to explore the complexities and potentials of research into pornography. This is the right time for a journal for porn studies. We need to develop our methods and theories, and to talk about the importance of different technologies, their particular employment as platforms for distribution, and the contributions these make to the kinds of pornographies that are available. We need to be able to engage with and examine the variety of legislative moves against pornography and how those might be tied to concerns about the spread and accessibility of other forms of information, and we need to recognize where regulation is being lessened or loosened and why this is so.

With this journal we do not simply want to reach those areas where porn studies are quite well established – for instance, in film and media studies – we also want to reach out to those where there is hardly any sustained publication of academic work – for instance, business, marketing, and human/computer interaction. By offering a space for researchers to develop conversations across different disciplines, the study of porn will move in new directions. This is how areas of study grow and develop over time.

Cultural, economic, political, feminist, artistic, psychological, medical and media discourses all contribute to the examination of pornography but often involve the deployment of specialist languages and concepts that carry with them their own implications, histories and problematics. Intellectual, political and moral disagreements over pornography can be compounded by ingrained disciplinary sub-divisions: academics communicate within their own disciplinary boundaries and can sometimes be hostile to other approaches.

Interdisciplinarity requires that different research traditions talk to each other and begin to learn from each other, not so that we all speak the same language or that we all agree, but so that our analysis grows. There are important insights scattered across the various domains interested in pornography: how might different definitions, frameworks and methodologies open up representations, practices, consumption, industries and politics to good research? What, for example, might engagement with past and present practitioners enable? We hope that the journal will become a central space for drawing together work from across disciplines. We also hope that the establishment of the journal will encourage more publication on pornography as authors interested in this area will recognize that there is a ‘home’ for their research.

History informs many of the claims that are made about pornography, and we believe that research should not simply be a matter of throwing off the past in order to present the shiny ‘new’. It is too easy to speak of the ‘newness’ of pornographic forms – as in, for example, claims that there is increasing violence in pornography or that the representation of fetishes is entirely contemporary. In fact, sexual acts such as fisting, anal sex or BDSM practices are not new, and neither are attempts to create pornographic representation under the rubrics of feminist ethics and/or politics. Innovative approaches are always needed and welcome, but the present needs to build on the past. So we hope the journal will become a lively contemporary forum, a space for historical work, and an archive; a place to review books, seminars, conferences and festivals, as well as media representations and political and policy debates about pornography.

We also hope that the journal will create a stronger community of researchers that reaches beyond the walls of the academy. This is especially important because although the idea that porn studies operates within exclusively academic environments has never been true, more and more academic researchers are gaining opportunities to contribute their skills and knowledge in public fora. This is as it should be, but there are problems that should be acknowledged. The complexities of academic research are too often sidelined for the easy media story. For example: a recent study into young peoples’ practices of ‘sexting’ was taken up by UK media pleased to present the testimonies of young people ‘in danger’ while leaving aside the researchers’ more thorough-going and important critique of everyday sexism in schools (Ringrose et al. 2012 Ringrose, Jessica, Rosalind Gill, Sonia Livingstone, and Laura Harvey. 2012. A Qualitative Study of Children, Young People and ‘Sexting’. London: NSPCC. [Google Scholar]). It is absolutely right, indeed necessary, that academic research feeds into policy-making, but this should not simply be to shore up calls for ‘something to be done’. We know from experience that such contributions to political processes are not always happy and that they can come with considerable personal cost for individual academics. Too often the platform offered by the media only permits academics to provide a truncated and distorted account of research that has taken months or years to conduct. The realities of mis-represented and caricatured research can be mitigated by a strong community of researchers, and a dedicated journal that is the venue for the presentation and interrogation of research.

Perhaps one of the most important reasons for Porn Studies is the very topicality of pornography; we believe it is the right time to launch this journal because the subject is so politically and emotionally charged. Pornography has a public presence as an object of concern and as a metaphor used to designate the boundaries of the public space. Porn Studies will focus on pornography as an area deserving of study in its own right. It will develop knowledge of pornographies past and present, in all their variations and around the world – their histories, modes, aesthetics, genres and subgenres; their institutional and industrial structures; and their consumption and their regulation.

Whatever its disciplinary origin, we are not interested in work that is either antagonistic or celebratory; in assumptions about porn as essentially oppressive or corrupting, liberatory, subversive, conservative, empowering, harmful or dangerous. Instead, we seek work that makes clear its methods and theoretical underpinnings and engages with pornography as texts, productions or performances; as occurring in various kinds of ‘spaces’ with various significances; subject to various kinds of legal and other regulatory frameworks and with different importances for its participants and for observers of those participants. We have plans for special issues on racial pornographics, on gay male porn, on porn audiences and consumers, on porn and surveillance, on gonzo, on European pornography, on porn and performance art, and porn celebrity and stardom. We will also have a dedicated Forum section featuring shorter pieces to further enable debate and discussion.

What are the practices of pornography research: what are the relations between research methods, the politics of the research process and its implications for policy? This, we hope, will become a recurrent discussion in the journal – but not one on which we think the journal should have a ‘line’. The journal is intended as a place for debating the practices of research, and what constitutes good methods – too often there is more debate about the ‘idea of pornography’ than evidence of research into its myriad forms. In addition, we want to develop a broad-based definition of what constitutes pornography, not least because of the multiple diversities of sex, sexuality and sexual representations that often refuse to be contained within strict cultural and social boundaries even if they are located within particular geo-economic regions. The most obvious driver here is the internet, but it is not the only one. Transnational flows require more exploration, as do traditions of research beyond the dominance of Anglo-American ideas of what constitutes methodology and theory.

Where do we want Porn Studies to be in 10 years?

    The go-to publication on pornography, and sexual representations more generally.

    A publication that has accumulated individual studies of particular pornographies in particular places and times.

    A space in which debate and argument can flourish without rehearsing the same old arguments of the porn debates.

    A space that has enabled the discipline to grow and develop and become an archive of and for those developing studies.

    A truly international space in which the Anglo-American ‘debate’ about porn is not the default framework for discussion. The cross-cultural and global aspects of pornography are a particular priority for the journal, and we hope to pay special attention to the ways in which pornography is made, legislated, accessed and experienced differently across the globe and in regions such as Pan-Asia, Eastern Europe, Oceania, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and sub-Saharan Africa, exploring national and regional differences and boundary crossings.

    An environment in which various approaches, ideas, concepts, methodologies and theories can be explored and debated. This entails work that does not start out already knowing all of the answers or assuming that we already know what the porn industry looks like, what porn means, or what impact it has on people's lives. It necessitates choosing the most appropriate theoretical frameworks and methods for its object of study, whether that is the economic dimensions of porn production; the connections between mainstream film, cult cinema and sex-works; the dimensions of individual porn stardom; or the intersections between sexually explicit media and current social and political mores.

A number of thanks are due, especially to John Mercer who has overseen the book reviews for this issue and Giovanna Maina who has overseen our first Forum. Members of our editorial board have been fantastic in offering support and advice. In addition, a number of people have gone above and beyond the call of duty in turning around reviews very quickly. We would also like to thank all at Routledge for their support for what has been at times a controversial and difficult project, and particularly our editor Katherine Burton who has been clear-headed, thoughtful and good-humoured throughout the entire process.

There is no doubt that there has been extensive interest in pornography for considerable time; this journal does not mark the beginning of a nascent field. What it does mark is the beginning, we hope, of new conversations, of new ways of conceptualizing the terrain. Of course, we are feeling the pressure to offer, alongside our ambitions and hopes for the future, a first issue that will pre-empt or prevent howls of irritation that we have not answered the most pressing questions about pornography, but this is a long-term endeavour in which those pressing questions are up for examination. Porn Studies is emerging into a public arena in which many have already made up their minds as to its contents and its politics; we will either disappoint or confirm their second-guessing. Perhaps it is not enough to simply state the most obvious thing: that we are here and hope to be here for some considerable time, but yes, we are.


xxxxxx

Watters, Paul, Mainstream Advertising on Rogue Websites in Malaysia: A Comparison of Local and Foreign Content (July 22, 2014). Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2469606 or http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2469606 

fiz download hig-risk ads


xxxxx

Watters, Paul, The Impact of High Risk Advertising on Thai Social Values: The Role of Piracy Websites (March 1, 2015). Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2572058 or http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2572058 

fiz download high-risk-values  UTIL PARA A METODOLOGIA: SNOWBALL SAMPLING A PARTIR DE TERMOS DE BUSCA BASTANTE UTILIZADOS. 


xxxxxx

Watters, Paul, The Prevalence of High-Risk and Mainstream Advertisements Targeting Canadians on Rogue Websites (January 2014). Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2389850 or http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2389850 



xxxx

definição de scam: By definition, a scam is a quick-profit scheme where a person cheats another individual or group out of money by presenting them with false information during a deal or offer.


xxxxx

Watters, Paul, The Prevalence of High-Risk and Mainstream Advertisements Targeting Canadians on Rogue Websites (January 2014). Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2389850 or http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2389850 

fiz download como canada.


xxxxx

Watters, Paul, How Risky are Piracy Websites for Indonesians? The Role of Search (July 22, 2014). Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2469609 or http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2469609 

download como indoneseia ROGUE WEBSITES É UTIL. PELO QUE ENTENDI A PESQUISA QUE FAÇO SE ENCAIXA NA IDEIA DE USO DE PUBLICIDADE EM ROGUE WEBSITES POR MAINSTRAIN ANUNCIANTES. 

SERÁ QUE DÁ PARA FAZER UMA MATRIZ

ROGUE X NORMAL
HIGH RISK ADD X MAINSTRAIN ADD

EU ESTARIA ESTUDANDO O QUADRANTE ROGUE X MAINSTRAIN ADD

xxxxxx

O'SULLIVAN-GAVIN, Susan A.; AMAZEEN, Michelle A. The Advertising Industry in the Social Media Age: The Ethical and Legal Implications of Unsanctioned Rogue or Scam Ads. JL Bus. & Ethics, v. 22, p. 9, 2016.

http://heinonline.org/HOL/LandingPage?handle=hein.journals/jourlbun22&div=6&id=&page=

explica a coisa de que existenm rogue ads, e grandes empresas tornam-se vitimas. ou seja, ao inves de praticar publicidade constrangida, a empresa pode estar sendo vitima de um rogue add para fazer scam ou coletar dados.

xxxx
In-Depth Survey of Digital Advertising Technologies

Gong Chen

Jacob H. Cox,

A. Selcuk Uluagac

 IEEE Communications Surveys & Tutorials ( Volume: 18, Issue: 3, thirdquarter 2016 ) 

Some of the world's most well-known IT companies are in fact advertising companies deriving their primary revenues through digital advertising. For this reason, these IT giants are able to continually drive the evolutions of information technology in ways that serve to enhance our everyday lives. The benefits of this relationship include free web browsers with powerful search engines and mobile applications. Still, it turns out that “free” comes at a cost that is paid through our interactions within a digital advertising ecosystem. Digital advertising is not without its challenges. Issues originate from the complex platforms utilized to support advertising over web and mobile application interfaces. This is especially true for advertising links. Additionally, as new methods for advertising develop so too does the potential for impacting its underlying ecosystem for good or ill. Accordingly, researchers are interested in understanding this ecosystem, the factors that impact it, and the strategies for improving it. The major contribution of this survey is that it is the first review of the digital advertising ecosystem as it applies to online websites and mobile applications. In doing so, we explain the digital advertising relationships within this ecosystem along with their technical, social, political, and physical implications. Furthermore, advertising principles along with a variation of other advertising approaches, both legitimate and malicious, are explored in order to compare and contrast competing digital advertising methods.


xxxxx

Taplin,  J.  (2013).  USC  Annenberg  Lab  Ad  Transparency  Report  –  January.  Downloaded  from 
http://www.annenberglab.com/sites/default/files/uploads/USCAnnenbergLab_AdReport_Jan
2013.pdf

many major brands are not aware that they are in fact , the key source of funds for the  piracy industry


Nem sempre é possivel identificar facilmente, porque eles descarregam de uma rede para ooutra: 
It is our observation that advertisements flowing (essa ideia de flow é importante) from Advertising Exchanges are essentially fungible (no sentido de serem como commodities, intercambiaveis facilmente: voce troca um anuncio por  outro porque tem o mesmo valor) and the Advertising Network originating the Advertisement may not be the Advertising Network delivering the Advertisement on the page where the Advertising Network Code was detected. In some instances, we used network protocol analyzers to determine the actual server locations where the Advertisements were originating. 
Eu falando: esta fungibilidade faz com que uma AN (Advertising Networks) troque anúncios com outra, para expandir mutuamente seu alcance. Com isso, pode ocorrer que uma empresa que não tem interesse em anunciar em rogue websites acabe por ter anúncios colocados em algum porque a AN que originalmente utilizou fez trocas de anúncios com outra rede que tem RW em seus locais de colocação de anúncios. Isto torna-se um problema para as empresas, que acabam por correr o risco de ver suas marcas associadas a websites de conteúdo indesejado, a rogue websites e seus anúncios podem repelir usuários, por serem considerados HRA.


Dificuldade de ter estudos definitivos: With  the  limited  tools  available  and  the  lack  of  accessible  information  to  make  absolutely 
definitive  determinations,  the  study  relied  upo
n  techniques  that  produced  a  result  that  in 
our best estimation represents the pattern of observed activity

Dá para ligar com responsabilidade social das empresas: 
It appears that many brand advertisers are either unaware
that their ad dollars are financing a parasitic business or have decided that the advantages
to be gained by targeting a young demographic on illicit file sharing sites trumps their
corporate social reponsibility.



ESTE E BEM IMPORTANTE



No relatṕorio de fevereiro ele fala que: 

Percebe-se redução (é bom mostrar isto) mas não extinção do fenômeno. 

there  are  always  new  entrants  to  this  incredibly  dynamic  ad  network  market. o mercado é muito dinÂmico e portanto é difícil de monitorar. 

Mostra uma lista de marcas que aparecem em sites que infringem copyright. Grandes marcas mundiais. Reforça que não quer dizer que sejam as maiores anunciantes, porque é muito dificil medir isto. (usar para dizer que não é fácil medir). Apenas mostra o tipo de empresa que usa. 



No relatorio de março fala: 
With roughly one third
 of the top ten being comprised of newcomers this indicates that the ad 
market is extremely fluid and changing month to month, hence the need for ongoing observation 
thr
ough these monthly reports. However PropellerAds remains in the number one position as an 
important provider of advertisements to illicit file sharing sites and several other networks have 
climbed the rankings
. This suggests both a willingness to shift providers among file sharing sites 
and the ability within sections of the advertising business to meet and serve this demand.



relatorio de maio: destaca a importÂncia dos serviços de torrent. Esta pesquisa buscou identificar isto, e por isso alguns torrents foram baixados para encontrar e verificar o tipo de anuncio. Entretanto, o fato de utilizar torrents limitava o trabalho por conta dos tempos longos de download e das falhas ou indisponibilidade de arquivos direcionados, além do problema ético de que poderia gerar upload, fez com que esse tipo de pesquisa fosse bastante restrito, ainda que disperso ao longo do tempo, apenas para identificar que não houve ocorrencia de anúncios de mainstream companies voltados ao brasil nesse tipo de midia. 


xxxxxxxx

http://www.ecpat.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Journal_No12-ebook.pdf

xxxxxxxxxxx

CMR Brasil final

http://www.ecpat.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/CMR_BRAZIL_FINAL.pdf


xxxxxxxx

ANÁLISE DE PUBLICIDADE 
DE WEBSITE DE PIRATARIA 
NO BRASIL E A RELAÇÃO COM 
MATERIAIS DE EXPLORAÇÃO 
INFANTIL

http://www.ecpat.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Piracy%20Website%20Advertising%20in%20Brazil_PORTUGUESE.pdf


xxxxxxxx

















E
.
